I don't want to go, Mom.
-Come on!
-I love you, Mom.
-Mommy!
-Come on!
Mommy! Open the door!
Mommy!
-Who's going to help you now?
-Mommy!
Damn you! What are you going to do?
-Pervert! Jerk!
-Mommy!
-Mercy me, Mom!
-Stupid!
-What are you going to be?
-Mercy me, Mom!
-Damn you!
-What are you going to do?
-What are you going to be?
-Mercy me, Mom!
Mercy me, Mom!
What are you going to be? Eat this!
You faggot!
=4 Mantan=
Murderer!
-Hello?
-Hello. Sar, you should know that...
That Alex passed away, Sar!
Hello?
Rin? Rin!
What happened to you?
Are you all right?
I'll take you home, okay?
Rin!
Airin!
A sad news came from our colleague,
a freelance announcer, Alex Kusuma.
He passed away at the age of 26.
Alex's body found by her mother
at his home.
The cause of death is uncertain.
For those who knew Alex,
please come to his funeral...
tomorrow at 07:00 AM.
We all...
lost Alex Kusuma.
A very energetic and inspiring figure.
Did you hear the rumor?
We lost a friend...
-Alex's death is not natural!
-and a role model.
-We all...
-He hung himself at his apartment.
going to miss Alex...
who's always with us...
in bad times and good times.
Excuse me, Ma'am.
Are you Alex's family?
Or...
Alex's mother?
Alex,...
don't go!
Ouch. Wait for me!
My condolences, Ma'am.
Bye, Lex...
Are you Sara?
It's Americano, right?
Be careful, it's hot!
Thanks.
Are you sure you saw a real ghost,
and not just your hallucination?
You already asked me ten times
about that,...
and my answer is still the same.
Do you think I'm crazy...
by making a scene early in the morning
at Alex's funeral?
I didn't say you're crazy.
We don't even know each other.
But we lost the same person,...
I sympathize with you
that's why I took you here.
Also this drunkard! There's no way
I let you alone in the grave.
After she fell down!
Rachel. My name is Rachel!
All right...
It's better if we know each other.
I'm Sara.
I'm Amara.
I'm Airin.
Where did you all know Alex?
-Alex is my ex!
Alex is also my ex.
What? He is my ex too!
Welcome to the ex club!
Cheers!
Sara surprised, too, Mom.
Sara wasn't dating Alex for a long time.
That's just because
our world was different.
Open your mouth.
But still,
Sara wasn't expecting that, Mom.
Behind Alex's sweetness,...
Alex played us all.
Dear, Sarah...
I know you must be still hurt...
because I broke our relationship
without telling you anything.
For three months we're dating,...
you've always be my lovely
and faithful girlfriend.
But to be honest,...
for me beauty wasn't enough.
But I'm not sending this letter
to reminisce a relationship...
or a problem between us.
I know something terrible
will happen to me.
I can't prove my suspicion yet,...
but if you got this letter
after my death,...
that means my suspicion was right
My death must be unnatural!
And the one who killed me...
must be one of four my last exes
whom I dated at the same time!
Sara.
Amara.
Rachel.
And you, Airin!
Calm down, don't be a rude girl!
Don't you feel it?
There's something strange
from our letters.
It must be a prank. There's someone
who want to prank us!
Well, who?
We just don't know if it turns out...
that Alex been dating us
for three months.
Until he broke up with us too,
all at the same time!
So, maybe this is
just his new adventures.
So, who knows about us?
The letter that Alex writes you
was right.
Being pretty is not enough,
your brain is empty!
How dare you, bitch!
Who told you I have an empty brain, huh?
Enough!
We are here to discuss the letters.
Rachel had the point.
Even thefour of us didn't know
that we all are Alex's exes.
Does anyone else know this?
Could be. Why not?
A jerk like Alex,...
he will definitely make us bet
with his friends.
It could be that everyone in his circle
knew that we were played by him,...
and they all are laughing at us.
And one of them continue
this silly game...
by exploiting Alex's unnatural death.
Unnatural how?
If someone really kill him,
it should be me!
It's not like that, Rachel.
You were still drunk yesterday.
We're talking about the rumor
that spreads in Alex's friends.
-Alex hung himself.
-What?
But, it's not funny!
Whoever came up with this joke or prank,
for whatever purpose,...
however jerk Alex was, his death
doesn't deserve to be a joke like this!
Yeah, but that's
just your assumption, Rin.
But, what if these letters
were written by Alex?
And that means...
Alex was murdered
by someone who makes his murder...
looks like a suicide.
So, it means his murderer
is one of us, right?
A pleasure in music...
is when we can collaborate
in combining harmony,...
being able to create beautiful melody.
Keyboard...
Guitar? Ready?
All!
Stop! Please concentrate. Focus!
Or I'll replace you
with other student. Understand?
Yes, Miss.
Keyboard!
Now, guitar.
Go!
Sara, wait! Sar!
-Sar.
-Yeah?
I just want to ask, are you all right?
-Why?
-Because I saw that you didn't focus.
You look exhausted. Something wrong?
It's about my ex, Alex.
-He died three days ago.
-Alex?
Sar, in my opinion...
First, you have to check this writing
with Alex's handwriting.
But, even if the writing
is identical,...
that doesn't make
this letter's true, Sar.
I'm hoping that this letter's not true.
-Because if it's true...
-So what if it's true?
Sar, you said it yourself
that Alex was a jerk!
So, if there's someone
who killed him,...
that doesn't mean
the killer will kill Alex's exes right?
Yes, you're right!
But, it still doesn't feel right.
If one of Amara, Airin or Rachel
really killed Alex!
I don't deserve to be suspected,
I'm not a killer!
Sara, you're not a killer.
You're too beautiful and...
Come, I'll take you home!
-Bye...
-Yes.
Mommy!
Airin!
Wait for me!
Rin!
Nio, please. I'm not in the mood.
Why not in the mood?
-Where's your car?
-It's none of your business!
That's why you only trained
for half an hour?
Because you're not in the mood?
Or are you sick?
You know, you're the most noisy boy
that I ever know!
I told you its not your business!
I'll make this my business, Rin,...
because I like you!
Could you, just for once,
don't be corny!
I see, you're in your period!
-It's not your business!
-It is!
Okay, just calm down.
We're going to sit there,
and I'll order your favorite foods!
Thank's. Why you're so kind to me?
Even though I'm bad with you.
Do you really like me?
You just answering
your own question. Girls!
You really paying for this?
Yes, just order
as much as you like, I'll pay for it!
Hei, baby!
What are you eating?
Huh? Give it to me!
Let me see it!
Give it to me! What is this?
Mayonnaise, cheese.
I told you many times, no cheese!
This photo deal
is worth hundreds of millions,...
and it wont happen
if you can't wear this dress!
Quickly, spit it out! Here. Hurry!
Spit it out!
See, there's a lot of it!
All of it?
Okay, go there, be ready!
Okay, Miss. One, two. Again.
One, two.
Okay, focus on the camera, Miss.
One, two...
Again, one, two...
More, a little chin up, Miss.
One, two...
Over here, Miss. One, two...
-Again, Miss...
-Hey, Rachel! Come on!
One, two...
Rach, come on! It's already late.
Hurry up!
Ready? Over here. One, two...
Over here, Miss.
Right there. One, two...
Miss, I'll have another three
of this, please. Take away!
Rin? Rin!
What's wrong?
What would you like to order?
What is your best seller here?
Our best seller is this one, Miss.
-Yes.
-I'll have that, please.
-Miss, where's my ice cappuccino?
-Yes?
Oh, right, Miss. In a minute.
Ice cappuccino.
It's already here.
Oh, sorry...
Amara?
Amara!
-What's wrong with you?
-Huh?
Nothing. I'm fine.
Devon!
Can I excuse myself?
I'm not feeling well.
Are you sick?
So, are you canceling tonight?
No! I'll text you when to pick me up.
-Really? I'll wait then!
-Yes.
Amara!
Amara.
Amara, please open the door!
Your mother is working late!
Honey, open the door!
Amara...
Honey, open the door.
Amara.
Sar! Hey, Sar. Wait!
Sar, what if
after your mother sleep tonight,...
I'll come to your house?
Sorry, I can't.
My mother has been sick for three years.
So, I have to take care of her.
Oh...
Sorry, I didn't know that.
-Yeah.
-Sara...
-Sorry, Ray. My friend is here.
-Okay.
Ra, what are you doing here?
I don't know where else to go, Sar.
Can I stay at your house tonight?
-I'll explain it later.
-Why?
I can't stay at home
with my stepfather.
He...
Yes. Okay, let's go
to my house! Come on!
Ra, you said...
it's been three years
since this harassment happened.
Why you let him do it, Ra?
Why didn't you tell your mother
or the police?
There's one thing you should know, Sar.
I was born without father.
My mother was a rape victim, Sar.
And worse,...
my mother was gang raped,...
and didn't know which of those bastards
is my biological father.
Once...
I tried reporting my stepfather...
when he touches me for the first time.
But, my mom locked me up
for almost a week.
Without food!
After that,...
my mom tried to kill herself,...
but my stepfather interfered.
And since that,...
I have never reported
my stepfather again,...
even though he still touches me.
That's why I installed a lot of locks
in my room to prevent that!
Don't go back to that house, Ra.
You can stay here...
until you find a new place to stay.
Okay?
Sorry, I have to prepare
my mother's meal.
I'm going to leave you here.
By the way, is it okay if my friend
pick me up tonight?
What is the address of this house?
Kolonel Masturi Street, number 100.
Masturi... Okay, thank you.
(Dev, pick me up
at Kolonel Masturi Street, number 100.)
(Next to Kampung Legok Hotel
at 20:00 tonight.)
Sara...
Sar...
I found these stuffs at Sara's attic!
All of you been dating with Alex
for three months, right?
You should know
Alex's personal belongings?
This deodorant! This is Alex's, right?
-Right?
-So?
You can still calmly say, "So"?
Excuse me, Amara!
Amara?
Hello?
Amara, this is me, Devon!
Amara?
Guys, do you remember
the letters Alex sent us?
He said he was murdered,...
and the killer
is among his last exes,...
which is four of us!
And this is one sign
that Sara is a psychopath!
A whole box with Alex's stuffs!
Yeah, so?
Look, Rachel who is beautiful,
but brainless meant is...
this time I agree with Rachel.
Perhaps because they're together
for three months,...
and after they broke up,
she kept these stuff.
But that doesn't prove
that Sara is the killer!
No way!
I know very well the condition
of Sara's house,...
there's her mother who is ill,...
and Alex can't live there!
-Because of her sick mother?
-Yes.
-Stroke?
Amara, this time you're slower
than Rachel!
Because her mother was seriously ill,...
she couldn't forbid Sara
to live together with Alex!
And Sara is different than us,
probably it's easier for us to move on.
But, for a girl like her,
introvert, shy...
She couldn't get a boyfriend
fast enough.
After all, if you're so sure
that Sara kills Alex,...
how would she kill Alex? And where?
Amara?
Amara!
It's me, Devon!
Okay, if you all don't believe me,...
I will look into it myself.
Then, what? Trying to prove
that Sara is the killer?
Ra, it's not our fault
that a lot of people hate Alex,...
and try to kill him!
Also it's not our fault if Alex
wasn't murdered, but commited suicide!
And someone's using his death
to play with us.
Ra, Alex is death! Let it go!
Hey babe.
Who's dead?
Sorry, girls. I have to go!
Eh, where are you going?
Don't you want to introduce
your boyfriend to your friends?
They are not my friends.
Come on, let's go! Bye.
Come on, babe.
Bitch!
Hey!
What happened?
Why didn't you introduce me
to your friends?
They're nobodies.
Then, who's dead?
-That's nothing, Marco.
-That's nothing?
All right. Wait!
Hey, I'm talking to you!
Do you still upset
because of this afternoon?
Huh?
Answer me!
Why don't we start moving?
You do know that I'm in love with you?
But, that doesn't mean
our work is less important.
That photo deal
is worth hundreds of millions,...
and that will also determine
my love for you!
Hey, if you don't want to,...
I'll replace you with another girl!
Now, you're crying.
So, listen to me!
Everybody said I'm stupid!
But I'm not stupid enough
to know that you're a bastard!
You're no different from my ex!
Your ex?
The dead guy we were talking about
is my ex!
And if you don't want to go to hell
with me,...
you better leave me now!
Is that so? Rach!
So, this is her house!
Ra, are you sure this is a good idea?
I mean this all
is just your silly assumption!
Sara can be offended.
Not just that, Rin.
I just remembered along the way...
that I asked Devon,
my friend, to pick me up here.
And that was about an hour ago.
Devon must have arrived in this house,
that's why I'd like to make sure!
Okay, come on.
It's not locked?
Sara?
Devon?
-Devon?
-Ra?
-Ra...
-You need to comb your hair.
You said her mother is ill,
then who's voice is that?
Let me comb your hair first.
I think Sara doesn't sound like that.
Come here, honey.
You can play again after this.
If you don't comb your hair...
-Come here.
-Let's go upstairs!
Huh? Ra, just wait here!
Ra, wait!
I'll go check downstairs.
Excuse me.
Is there anything more?
Okay, thank you.
-Mas, where's Amara?
-Yes?
-Amara?
-Amara, my friend.
She's a waitress here.
There's no waitress named Amara
who works in this cafe.
There's only three waiters here.
Me, Dian and Rizki.
Only two baristas. Devon dan Agra.
There's no one named Amara here.
Really? She's this tall.
A long hair.
And she always wear black jeans.
Miss, you're not a new customer here.
There's no other waiters and baristas,
except those I've mention earlier.
Thank you.
He said I'm not a new customer here?
I clearly just came here yesterday.
And thats because of Amara.
Rachel!
What are you doing here?
How did you know that I'm here?
Rachel you should come with me.
There's something you have to see!
No, Amara said you're a psychopath!
-Go away!
-Rachel.
Marco?
Marco, open the door!
Marco!
(Sara, Amara, Rachel, Airin.
They all have to die.)
Nio, you're home.
Mom, Nio would like to talk to you.
Mom, you're a psychiatrist.
What do you think about this?
Shut up!
You bastard!
What do you think, Mom?
It looks like we should report this
to the police immediately.
Do you know where
your friend's house is?
What is his name?
Alex.
Good evening, sir. I'm Marina.
I would like to report
an alleged murder.
The suspect is allegedly named Alex.
I suspect he has a mental illness.
Okay, sir.
He has multiple personality disorder,...
and he will not realize it...
when his personality shifts.
-Come on. Let's dance, honey.
-I have to work!
If it's not becuse of you
who always get drunk,...
I don't have to work
at three restaurants until morning!
Listen, if not because
of your stupid child,....
and if you would listen to me...
to leave him
with your mother in the village,...
everything will be all right!
Afterall, it's been a while
since the last time we're dancing.
Enough.
Hey! Stupid woman!
Alex...
Let's play, Alex. Come on!
Alex, why are you still sleeping?
Mommy...
-Alex is sick, Mom.
-What is it?
-You have no fever. What is it?
-Mommy...
Alex is sick, Mommy...
Beast! Bastard!
The harassment committed
by Alex's stepfather...
when he was 10 years old,...
and torture carried out
by his own biological mother,...
made Alex grow
into mentally ill young man.
I'm sorry, Mom.
Bastard!
Bastard! What are you going to be?
Pervert! Jerk!
I'm sorry, Mom.
-Mercy me, Mom.
-What are you going to be?
-Bastard!
Mercy me, Mom.
-Mercy me, Mom.
-What are you going to do?
-What are you going to be?
Mercy me, Mom. I love you, Mom.
-Mercy me, Mom.
-Mercy me, Mom. I'm sorry.
-What are you going to be?
You're a bastard! Mercy me, Mom!
Mercy me, Mom.
Alex loves you. I'm sorry, Mom!
Alex, don't be afraid!
I'm here with you.
Just calm down.
From now on, I'll help you
taking care of your mother.
Alex's past trauma
made his mind sick, Nio.
Just like what he did to his own mother.
Freeze!
Hands in the air!
-Turn it around!
-Yes, sir!
He creates the personalities
inspired by his surroundings.
There's a girl named Sara.
Sara is a girl who is good
at playing cello.
And her life is trapped...
only to take care of
her paralyzed mother.
This personality's inspired...
by Alex's hobby to listening
to a classic music.
Then, a girl named Amara.
A waitress who traumatized
by her stepfather harassment.
This figure exist because of...
Alex's own experience.
Also from his mother figure
who's a cafe waitress.
Then, Airin?
Airin is a tough girl...
with a rebelious soul.
This personalities exist because of
Alex's obsession, Rachel.
Rachel is a sexy model...
that he really likes!
Alex secretly watched her,...
but the personality
that in charge the most is Sara.
Read this.
Just the first letters.
From top to bottom.
What do you read?
-Sara?
-Yes!
Those four personalities
are ruled by one personality, Sara!
Because Sara's the first personality
that created by Alex.
And Sara's always come to protect Alex.
It's Americano, right?
-Where did you all knew Alex?
-Alex is my ex.
What? He is my ex too!
Welcome to the Ex Club! Cheers...
So, all this time Alex thinks himself
sometime as Airin,...
-at the same time can become Sara,...
-Yes.
Amara and Rachel at the same time?
-Mas, where is Amara?
-Yes?
-Amara?
-Yes, Amara, my friend.
She's also a waitress here.
Mas, there's no Amara
in this cafe. Excuse me.
Rachel?
What are you doing here?
How do you know that I'm here?
You must come with me,
there's something that I...
No, Amara said
that you're a psychopath!
Go away!
And in Alex's delusion,...
they are another personality pair.
Yes.
And his mind creates their own roles
according to their version.
Like Marco, Rayhan and Devon.
In the real world, they are gym buddies
who like to bully him.
Why are you looking at me when I was
in the shower yesterday?
You have lust for me? Is it?
You pretend to train here
because of us, right?
So, you're a faggot
with a hidden agenda?
Eat that!
Eat that, faggot!
They'e always jerks since the beginning.
Why you didn't stood up?
I'm Nio.
Alex.
Next time, if they bother you again,
just fight them. Don't be afraid!
Go on! Why stop?
-Come on.
-Go on, don't be shy!
Faggot! Don't be a jerk!
Are you all right?
Lex, hi. Are you alone?
Help us please. Our PT's not here yet.
-Okay?
-Okay? Let's go.
Okay.
Okay, try again.
Eat that!
-Pull him out!
-Come on!
-What are you doing?
-Just shut up.
Eat that.
It's just that! We'll see...
if the girls still want to be with you
after seeing this video.
Mercy me!
We have a little surprise for you!
Please enjoy this!
No! Don't!
Don't move!
-Mercy me!
-How does it feel?
I don't flirt with them!
-I don't flirt with them!
-Shut up!
Speak clearly!
I don't flirt with them!
They come to me because they think
I know you guys.
-What do you mean?
Sara and Amara ask you guys
to go tonight.
I can give you the adrress.
-But, please stop this!
-Speak clearly!
-Hey!
-Turn that off!
I'm going to kill...
But, why he never bother
and hurt Nio, Mom?
This book gives explanation
about Alex's journey.
It's like he wrote a diary...
from the perspective
of four different girls.
When Alex was Airin,...
he creates your character as a geeky,...
kind...
and her place to share stories.
Geeky?
Be thankful you are considered geeky,...
so he didn't think of you
as a threat for him.
If not you will end up
just like your friends at the gym.
Everyone who threat and hurt him...
become a target that he would kill!
Sara?
Sara, this is Rayhan from the gym!
You said that you invited me here?
Sara?
Hey, faggot!
What do you want? Do you want more, huh?
What is it? Hey!
But, Mom...
Nio still don't understand this.
Why does he want to rid
those three other personalities?
And why those other three personalities
that he created,...
all of it, is girls?
Because Alex felt
he had the biggest mistake in him.
He blames himself as a weak person.
And Alex identify that weakness
with woman.
He felt unworthy to be born as a man.
And the first personality that emerged
was Sara.
The most mysterious, calm and ruler
of all three other pesonalities.
Until Sara's personality...
take over and get rid
the other three personalities.
They have bigger weakness...
and threatening Alex.
Because the three of them...
are dominated by Sara cruelty.
Marina.
Oh, you are here.
Come in.
All of you must have read the minutes...
that was sent by the police
to your e-mail.
As you know,...
you are the characters
in the imagination...
one of my patients, Alex,...
who has multiple personalities disorder.
You two...
knew Alex at the gym with my son, Nioda.
You...
are a model that Alex adore very much.
But, you never know Alex, right?
And Miss Airin...
Miss Airin is
an elementary school teacher...
where Alex went to school.
Miss Airin once made notes
about the scars suffered by Alex
And then reported them!
Until...
Alex's mother forbid her child
to go to school.
How's his condition now, Ma'am?
Does Alex have a chance to recover?
It's too early...
to conclude everything, Maám.
Because right now, Alex...
is still in a treatment
and observation stage...
just like court's decision.
From this Alex's diary...
I can trace your whereabouts.
And as I thought,...
it turns out you guys really do exist
in the real world.
Luckily, the police acted quickly.
Otherwise, it's not impossible...
that Alex will kill all of you.
His suffering must have been so great...
that it made Alex the way he is today.
Well...
We must also try to prevent...
the events that happened in Alex...
from happening again.
By trying...
to prevent violence and child abuse.
And I don't know...
if Alex can recover or not.
Because right now,...
Alex is still trapped...
in one of his personalities.
You mean, for Alex he is Sara?
Only Alex knows, Nio.
That is in his imagination.
New characters may probably emerge.
Or it could be those three
other personalities...
don't really die,...
until he could find a new victim.
Sara, please stop it! It's noisy!
I would rather listening
to Sara play the cello...
instead of listening
to your silliness, Rach!
How dare you, bitch!
Guys, come on!
Just enjoy it!
We will be together forever, right?